# LazyMagicClient
This solution contains packages useful for the development of client side .NET apps. The packages include support for MAUI Blazor hybrid apps using MVVM architecture. 

## Package Management 
Most projects in this solution generate packages. Packaging is managed by the CommonPackageHandling.targets file (which is imported into each package project). When you build a project locally, the package is pushed to the local NuGet package source and the package is deleted from the local NuGet package cache so that other local projects, that  use the package, will use the new version. You need to rebuild the project(s) that reference the package to get the new version.

## Package Application Hierarchy (MVVM Architecture)
| Layer | Packages |
| --- | --- |	
| Base | LazyMagic.Client.Base |
| Model | ClientSchema library specific to each app. Usually generated by LazyMagic MDD. |
| View Model | LazyMagic.Client.ViewModels.*, ClientSDK specific to each app. Usually generated by LazyMagic MDD. |
| Blazor View | LazyMagic.Blazor.* |
| Blazorise View | LazyMagic.BlazoriseComponents.* |
| MAUI View | LazyMagic.Client.MAUI |

## Authentication (cross cutting concern)
LazyMagic.Client.Auth - referenced by ClientSDK 
LazyMagic.Client.Auth.Cognito
LazyMagic.AwsSettings
LazyMagic.Client.CognitoValidation

## Client SDK 
The ClientSDK lib is the service layer. This library makes calls to the service API for the app. It is usually generated by the LazyMagic MDD tool. It is referenced by ViewModels.  

It references the LazyMagic.Client.Auth library.

## Auth Levels (cross cutting concern)
Libraries are provided to support the following authentication levels:

| Level | Library |
| --- | --- |
| None | LazyMagic.Client.ViewModels |
| Auth | LazyMagic.Client.Auth |
| Auth.Notifications | LazyMagic.Client.Auth.Notifications |

## Notifications 
The Notification library allows remote services to send messages to the client app.


## Analyzer Projects
We use .NET analyzers to generate classes and extend existing classes with helper methods. This cuts down on the amount of boilerplate code that needs to be written.

### LazyMagic.Client.DIHelper 

### LazyMagic.Client.FactoryGenerator 

### LazyMagic.LzItemViewModelGenerator

### LazyMagic.LzItemViewModelGenerator



